# Problem Description

I'd like to create an AI assistant. The assistant will be monitoring text messages between a group of colleagues. The assistant will track todo items as the colleagues discuss them. If one of the participants asks the assistant about the todo items, it will tell them what it knows.

# Text Message Service

We'll integrate w/ Twilio using a Lambda.

Every message will be sent to the message tracking service (private API that the agent doesn't have access to) and then the agent will be invoked with something like "a new message was received for conversation {ID}". If the agent's reply isn't empty, that message will be sent to the conversation.

We'll implement this at a later date.

# Message Tracking Service

We'll expose this as a set of tools for the agent to use. The actions will include:

* get recent messages for conversation

Messages will have the following properties:

* conversation ID: {ID}
* sender: {PHONE_NUMBER}; from context, the agent should be able to convert this to a participant's name.
* message: the raw text (if any)
* files: a list of files; each file will have:
  * description: an AI generated description of the file
  * URL: a link to S3 where the file is stored

# Task Tracking Service

We'll expose this as a set of tools for the agent to use. The actions will include:

* list items for conversation
* create item
* delete item

Items will have a:

* name: e.g. `Purchase Breakfast for 8/23 Campout"
* description: optional, e.g. `The campout on 8/23 will include a community breakfast. Joe will purchase the items at Costco.`
* source: e.g. `2025-06-30 Joe said "we need to get breakfast for everyone, I'll run by Costco on Friday and pick stuff up"`
* status: open; canceled; completed on {DATE}
* due date: optional, {DATE}

We'll implement this at a later date.

# AWS Bedrock Agent Integration

If possible, I'd like to use an AWS Bedrock Agent w/ Nova Premier.

When a message is received, the agent will be invoked so that it can determine if it should do one or more of the following:

* execute one of its tools
* generate a response that will be texted back to the conversation
